(The second day of LOONA Studio and it snowed for the first time this winter!)
JinSoul: Oh!
(JinSoul, the master of acting!)
Choerry: It's been a very long time since we filmed LOOΠΔ TV~
Choerry: So we all don't figure out yet what should we do now~
JinSoul: Okay, it's 9:27 in the morning
JinSoul: We woke up at 4:30 am
Choerry: And the first snow fell today~
JinSoul: Yes~
Chuu: Yeah~
Choerry: I saw that outside, but I was a bit concerned
Choerry: that our fans were already lined up outside, too!
(Meanwhile, Kim Lip changed her hair color!)
Kim Lip: I didn't expect that I would change my hair color to this!
Chuu: Yeah!
(She also changed color contact lenses to match her hair color!)
Kim Lip: However, this hair color would familiar to Chuu than the old one!
Chuu: Right~
Chuu: Actually, her white hair(?) seemed a bit strange to me~
Chuu: This black hair seems familiar to me!
Kim Lip: Okay~
Chuu: Why are you looking?
Kim Lip: Say something!
Chuu: What?
Kim Lip: I just said 'say something'!
(Chuu bothering Kim Lip, however Kim Lip doesn't care!)
Chuu: There is a camera in front of us...
(This is how the real friends do!)